hey are you an expert in brands choose
the correct logo
and get one point for each right answer
level easy peasy
both apples are half eaten but which one
is eaten the right way
[Music]
ah i see i start eating apples from that
side too
can you figure out which one is the nasa
logo
[Music]
aha no yellow color around the blue
meatball
got it a little twittering bird
but which one
yeah because the one on the left looks
too fluffy
do you know what the rolex logo looks
[Music]
like
this crown definitely looks the
crocodile on the left
or the crocodile on the right that is
the question
right no wonder i thought the crocodile
on the left
looks too bumpy to decorate your polo
shirt
i'm sure you'll deal with this one hands
down
[Music]
and of course the real adidas logo is on
the left
i won't give you any hints but i know
the answer nini
told you so ah
this is a tough one gotta go and check
my wardrobe
or is it cheating
so whom is big feline is jumping to the
left
ah good to know something is off with
one of these logos
but you gotta puzzle it out on your own
yeah citroen has two not three upward
facing arrows on its logo
ah this one is simple
i didn't even have any doubts
i guess you need to do your laundry
yourself to know the right logo for this
washing powder huh
[Music]
so green at the top red at the bottom
got it
so which logo looks more familiar
the famous car manufacturer opted for
the first logo
hmm they both look okay to me so
which one
[Music]
less red more blue i see
level tricky it's a pity i'm more of a
tea
person
[Music]
i knew this one looked more familiar
well i'm not an expert in gas and oil
but i might know the answer
and i was right
this one is indeed tricky
now i know what the logo of my favorite
pizza place looks like
do you know which logo this famous
electronics company has
oh it was a lucky guess
the difference between these logos is
tiny but one of them is wrong
[Music]
the one on the left represents the world
known software and computer manufacturer
coca-cola or coca-cola
[Music]
and the answer is coca-cola ah just
kidding
the first logo is the correct one
yummy i'm sure you'll get this one right
uh oh i thought this logo was a bit
wavier
now we'll find out how often you watch
mtv
yeah it turns out i watch it often
enough
um they look the same to me
oh i see the difference now but it's too
late
the red white blue versus
red white blue tough choice
if you pick the logo on the left you're
absolutely right
i'm not sure about this one do you know
the answer
[Music]
i knew the logo on the right was the one
social media fans use your super powers
who would have thought i'm not an insta
person
[Music]
i've used this service often enough to
know the right logo
it's the one on the left
level mind-boggling
wow they weren't kidding about
mind-boggling
[Music]
okay the right logo is the one on the
left
got that do you like making and sharing
short videos then you must know which
tick tock logo is the right one
did you pick the one on the left then
you totally nailed it
how often do you eat burgers let's check
it seems i should treat myself to
burgers more often
oh no colors again
[Music]
wow that was a tough one
you mean i had to keep in mind the color
of his bow
apparently i'm good at distinguishing
colors was your guest correct
i've been to subway hundreds of times
never knew their logo can be so
confusing
[Music]
the one on the right ah my intuition
didn't let me
down and now you want me to choose
between two blue colors
[Music]
wicked
first the darker blue then the lighter
that's the right logo you must be
kidding me
the logo on the right seem more familiar
and no wonder
it's the correct logo
wait are they even different
ah i see they decided to make the
robot's antenna as simple as possible
i use this messenger often enough to
know the correct logo
[Music]
oops i was sure it was the one on the
left
kfc and its logo do you remember which
is the one
it's the logo on the left look at the
apron and the stripes on it
wide stripes or thin ones
the correct logo has narrow stripes
um i mean they're both colorful and
pretty
i cheated by googling the google logo no
pun intended
are you ready to see how well you've
done here you go
if you've got 0 to 13 points you
probably don't pay much attention to
brands
the most important thing for you is how
well whatever you need works
if your score is 14 to 26 points you
often buy branded things
but you don't care enough to remember
what their logos look like
if you have 27 to 39 points brands and
logos are likely to play an important
role in your life
you also have a sharp eye and pay close
attention to the smallest details